in april 1985 i went to tsukuba
it was a temporary exhibition it's
by the Japanese and there I had the
revealing the image in the legs and
the park will be the picture pack because
that it was the beginning of the very beautiful
imagery
however we can not pay
he is
not how
but
he
m
gerard the futuroscope I first make
welcome the commitment of the General Council
of the Vienna that is under the impulse
determined from its president rené monory a
decided actually as he comes from
to say it I say and the record of the
dismantle with conviction to turn
towards the future
eh yes
as long as she does
at
ten years ago there was nothing a
building there we are doing some
tagai buildings I arrive at about 8000
people who live on the site that is going
which touches the sitv on the site at
visitors will stay in place
and before maybe a bigger fight
was to get accepted by the
colleagues
the first diagram of the building of the first
bastion removed the futuroscope because the
traditional ways and even my
best friends were tempted to
return to the passionate and
finally I fought I have this
attack or not
and
not how
no